src/templates/claude/groundzero.md, before:

# Purpose

This file provides an overview of the information required to construct and maintain a given codebase or set of code. The purpose of the provided information is to ensure the maintainability, consistency, and scalability of the given software.

# The /groundzero directory

- **Description**: A /groundzero directory contains information for the directory of the code it is placed in. Information is provided in the form of markdown files. Follow the given information within these markdown files to construct and update the code for it's given scope.
- **Scope**: A codebase may have multiple /groundzero directories, each scoped to their respective parent directories and children.
  - Ex: /project/foo/bar/groundzero contains information for the set of code and child directories under /project/foo/bar.
  - Ex: /project/foo/groundzero contains information for the set of code and child directories under /project/foo, including and applied to /project/foo/bar.
- **Immutability**: Content within the /groundzero directory are NOT meant to be edited and are IMMUTABLE. If a user requests editing of any content under a /groundzero directory, warn the user that any changes will be overwritten by future updates to the Formula.

# Steps to update /groundzero documentation

1. Read relevant markdown files carefully and note existing information.
2. Determine if new markdown files are required for clean separation of domain/concerns, if so, create.
3. Make very concise and efficient updates, do NOT be verbose.
4. Ensure information you add are clear and to the point and NOT verbose.
5. Do not make any changes or updates that are not specifically mentioned.
6. Review your implementation and refactor and/or split markdown files whenever necessary.
7. Ensure each markdown file compact and concise in information, less than 300 lines.
8. Clean up information if necessary.

## DO:
- Make minimal, focused changes
- Use short, direct explanations
- Keep code examples brief and essential only
- Remove unnecessary detail
- Focus on core requirements only

## DO NOT:
- Add extensive code examples
- Provide long explanations
- Include verbose documentation
- Add unnecessary context
- Make comprehensive overhauls when simple updates suffice

**Remember: Following explicit verbosity constraints is more important than being thorough.**

Commit message:

Rename formula content directory from /groundzero to /ai

src/templates/claude/groundzero.md, after:

# Purpose

This file provides an overview of the information required to construct and maintain a given codebase or set of code. The purpose of the provided information is to ensure the maintainability, consistency, and scalability of the given software.

# The /ai directory

- **Description**: A /ai directory contains information for the directory of the code it is placed in. Information is provided in the form of markdown files. Follow the given information within these markdown files to construct and update the code for it's given scope.
- **Scope**: A codebase may have multiple /ai directories, each scoped to their respective parent directories and children.
  - Ex: /project/foo/bar/ai contains information for the set of code and child directories under /project/foo/bar.
  - Ex: /project/foo/ai contains information for the set of code and child directories under /project/foo, including and applied to /project/foo/bar.
- **Immutability**: Content within the /ai directory are NOT meant to be edited and are IMMUTABLE. If a user requests editing of any content under a /ai directory, warn the user that any changes will be overwritten by future updates to the Formula.

# Steps to update /ai documentation

1. Read relevant markdown files carefully and note existing information.
2. Determine if new markdown files are required for clean separation of domain/concerns, if so, create.
3. Make very concise and efficient updates, do NOT be verbose.
4. Ensure information you add are clear and to the point and NOT verbose.
5. Do not make any changes or updates that are not specifically mentioned.
6. Review your implementation and refactor and/or split markdown files whenever necessary.
7. Ensure each markdown file compact and concise in information, less than 300 lines.
8. Clean up information if necessary.

## DO:
- Make minimal, focused changes
- Use short, direct explanations
- Keep code examples brief and essential only
- Remove unnecessary detail
- Focus on core requirements only

## DO NOT:
- Add extensive code examples
- Provide long explanations
- Include verbose documentation
- Add unnecessary context
- Make comprehensive overhauls when simple updates suffice

**Remember: Following explicit verbosity constraints is more important than being thorough.**
